>> Speaker 1: So what we're gonna
do now is we're gonna install Node.
So if you already have Node,
then congratulations you
already installed Node.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Is there
a version you want us to be on?
>> Speaker 1: Yep,
we're gonna get into that.
It's gonna be the latest,
which is like ten something, anything ten.
But so there's two ways, okay, there
might be a lot of ways to install Node.
But there's really only two ways to
install Node and there actually is
only one way to install Node and
that is to use NVM, node version manager.
That is my recommended
way to install Node.
If you were to Google how to install Node.
That might not be the first thing to come
up, because obviously, what would probably
come up is installing it from the Node
source, from the Node website, and
they have an installer,
they have all this amazing stuff.
You could totally do that, and
actually that's fine for this course,
cuz we're only gonna stick to one version.
But going forward,
as someone who's developing for Node, and
has seen a lot of different things,
you will avoid tons of issues if you
just install what node version manager.
So we re going to go over the differences.
So if you installed from the node source,
like I said,
it's the easiest way to install.
They have an installer for your computer,
like a gooey, install everything for you,
it's super legit.
You can't mess it up.
It works on pretty much
any operating system.
But it kind of limits your options for
having many versions of Node,
because it installs in one
root place on your computer.
And that's it.
You can't put another version there
without having to manually do things, so
that kind of sucks and
it could cause permission errors.
There's some things that you have
to do with Node when it comes to
installing modules.
Globally, and sometimes it needs
higher level permissions for
that,and then you have to start
doing all this sudo stuff.
And it just messes everything up, so
I highly recommend not doing it from
the node source, although it works.
For this course you just won't have
any of those problems most likely.
But what I do recommend is
using node version manager and
that's because it allows you to run
mini versions of node whenever.
So because the thing about
Node is that some modules
might only work for some version, or
you might be deploying to this cloud
provider and it only has this version.
You need to be able to
switch versions sometimes.
And being able to do that,
which is one command from your terminal,
is super awesome.
NVM allows you to do that, so you can just
download as many versions as you want.
And it's like, all right,
use this one now or use this one.
And it doesn't mess up permissions and
it kinda encapsulates everything.
And it's super useful,
especially for testing.
I use this for testing all the time.
I'm like, I've gotta test it against this
version, test it against this version,
test it against this version,
test against this version, and that's it.
I'm not gonna go below this version.
So I highly recommend doing that.
So you don't have to do it right now, but
we're gonna get to the exercise part and
we're gonna break.
And everybody can start installing it.
But if you want to get a head start,
like go ahead.
Maybe, you know,
it might take a while, probably not.
But yeah, we're gonna keep going for
a little bit.
Any questions on installing node?
There's more, the links to these are gonna
be in the readme for the source and
the NVM.
And I'm gonna walk through both of them
after we, when we get to the exercise.
How to do them a little bit.
The installer one is super easy,
literally watch me through it.
NVM 1 might take some commands,
but we're gonna walk through it.
Any other questions on installation?
You can also use docker, if you want to.
I mean, if you really want docker.
If you use docker and you want to just
not have a node on your computer for
whatever reason,
then you just want to virtualize it,
you can put it into docker and
download the docker temp.
We are not gonna go over that on this
course, cuz that's a whole other thing,
but that is another way to install it.
That's literally another way to install
everything, but we're not gonna do that.